1) To test the functionality of leave management tab.
2)To test the functionality of leave application master.
3)To test leave application master heading.
4)To test company name functionality.
5)To test the functionality of employee name.
6)To test from date option by its format.
7)To test total days functionality.
8)To test to date  option by its format and accepting only numaric.
9)To test leave type functionality by its dropdown and typing.
10)To test the functionality of leave reason tab how many charectors it takes.
11)To test the functionality of sanction by tab if enables at end of the application or not and 
12)To test leave status tab ,what it display after application filled properly.
13)To test the functionality of NEW button.
14)To test the functionality of View All button.
15)To test the functionality of save button 
16)To test the functionality of cancle button.
17)To check the functionality of task tab and its dropdown oeartes or not.
18)To check the functionality of HR tab and its dropdown.
19)To check the Report tab functionality, are the reports customise or not.
20)To Test the functionality of setting tab.
21)To Test Human Resource Management tab is it oprates or not
22) To test color of Human Resource Management tab.
23)To test the functionality of logout button.
24)To test Total Apply Leaves tab color.
25)To test Total Sanction Leaves tab color.
26)To test Total Leave Balance Till Dec 23 tab color.
27)To test the sanction by tab if it accept manual typing or not.
28)To test Leave Application Master background color is it change or not.
29)To test mandetory filleds are fill and then application get submitted or not.
30)To test this employee master application is user friendly or not.
31)To test the application is running on any other browser or not.
32)To test employee name tab only takes alphabates or not.
33)To test company name tab only takes alphabates or not.
34)To test sanction by tab is accepting data in ticket number and employee name format.
35)To test To date tab accepting data for how much longer.
36)To test after submitting application if it gives u pop up or email notification or not.
37)To test total pending leaves color.
38)To test setting tab access is for only  HR or not.
39)To test reports tab access is for only HR(Admin) or not.
40)To test HR tab is also enable for only HR employees or not.
41)To test Leave application master last login date and time gives properly in decided format or not.
42)To test Leave application save in any other place or not.
43)To test all given information tabs spelling is correct or not.
44)